Omr installation docs (#39593)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/mirror-registry-flags.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing-mirroring-installation-images.adoc

[id="mirror-registry-flags_{context}"]
= mirror registry for Red Hat Openshift flags

> The following flags are available with local host and remote mirror registries:

Reviewer: Use the product title here, vs the generic name.

[options="header",cols="1,3"]
|===
| Flags | Description
| `--autoApprove` | A boolean value that disables interactive prompts. If set to `true`, the `quayRoot` directory is automatically deleted when uninstalling the mirror registry. Defaults to `false` if left unspecified.
| `--initPassword` | The password of the init user created during Quay installation. Must be at least eight characters and contain no whitespace.

> | `--quayHostname` | The value to set `SERVER_HOSTNAME` in the Quay `config.yaml`. Defaults to `<targetHostname>:8443` if left unspecified. ^[1]^

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--quayHostname` | The fully-qualified domain name of the mirror registry (equivalent to `SERVER_HOSTNAME` in the Quay `config.yaml`) that clients will use to contact the registry. Must resolve via DNS. Defaults to `<targetHostname>:8443` if left unspecified. ^[1]^
```

Author: Slightly altered. Committed.

> | `--quayRoot`, `-r` | The directory where Quay persistent data is saved, including `rootCA.key`, `rootCA.pem`, and `rootCA.srl` certificates. Requires about 12 GB for {product-title} 4.10 Release images, or about 358 GB for {product-title} 4.10 Release images and {product-title} 4.10 Operator images. Defaults to `/etc/quay-install` if left unspecified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--quayRoot`, `-r` | The directory where container image layer and configuration data is saved, including `rootCA.key`, `rootCA.pem`, and `rootCA.srl` certificates. Requires about 12 GB for {product-title} 4.10 Release images, or about 358 GB for {product-title} 4.10 Release images and {product-title} 4.10 Red Hat Operator images. Defaults to `/etc/quay-install` if left unspecified.
```

| `--ssh-key`, `-k` | The path of your SSH identity key. Defaults to `~/.ssh/quay_installer` if left unspecified.

> | `--sslCert` | The path to the SSL/TLS certificate. Defaults to `{quayRoot}/quay-config` if left unspecified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--sslCert` | The path to the TLS public key / certificate. Defaults to `{quayRoot}/quay-config` and will be auto-generated if left unspecified.
```

Author: Required to be written as SSL/TLS. Fixed.

| `--sslCheckSkip` | Skips the check for the certificate hostname against the `SERVER_HOSTNAME` in the `config.yaml` file. ^[2]^

> | `--sslKey` | The path to the SSL/TLS key. Defaults to `{quayRoot}/quay-config` if left unspecified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--sslKey` | The path to the TLS private key used for HTTPS communication. Defaults to `{quayRoot}/quay-config` and will be auto-generated if left unspecified.
```

Author: Slightly altered. Fixed.

> | `--targetHostname`, `-H` | The hostname of the target you want to install Quay to. Defaults to `$HOST` if left unspecified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--targetHostname`, `-H` | The hostname of the target you want to install Quay to. Defaults to `$HOST` if left unspecified (i.e. a local install).
```

> | `--targetUsername`, `-u` | The user on the target host which will be used for SSH. Defaults to `$USER` if left unspecified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--targetUsername`, `-u` | The user on the target host which will be used for SSH. Defaults to `$USER` if left unspecified (i.e. the current user name).
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing-mirroring-installation-images.adoc

[id="mirror-registry-flags_{context}"]

== Mirror registry for {product-title} flags

The following flags are available with local host and remote mirror registries:

[options="header",cols="1,3"]
|===
| Flags | Description

> | `--autoApprove` | A boolean value that disables interactive prompts. Will automatically delete quayRoot directory on uninstall. Defaults to false if left unspecified.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `--autoApprove` | A boolean value that disables interactive prompts. If set to `true`, the `quayRoot` directory is automatically deleted when uninstalling the mirror registry. Defaults to `false` if left unspecified.
```

| `--initPassword` | The password of the init user created during Quay installation. Must be at least 8 characters and contain no white space.
| `--quayHostname` | The value to set `SERVER_HOSTNAME` in the Quay config.yaml. Defaults to `<targetHostname>:8443` if left unspecified. ^[1]^

> | `--quayRoot`, `-r` | The directory where Quay persistent data are saved, including `rootCA.key`, `rootCA,pem`, and `rootCA.srl` certificates. Requires approximately 9 GB for {product-title} Release images, or approximately 668 GB for {product-title} Release images and {product-title} Operator images. Defaults to `/etc/quay-install` if left unspecified.

Reviewer 4: Due to different OCP version require different storage size, it is better to mention the ocp version like line 95 of `installing-mirroring-installation-images.adoc`
